So, guys, going forward now, coming to the last section of this topic, that that how does the virtual
memory and peace table of a given process be is managed when thread dominates its execution?
So you can see the diagram on the right hand side represents the virtual memory of A process B and the
peace table of A process B, when the process B has created a new threat.
Now, suppose the same new threat dominates its execution.
So what happens?
The very first thing that happens is that that the virtual pages, which corresponds to the stack memory
of a thread, are freed.
So you can see that virtual page, no petrol and virtual page number 13 are the virtual pages, which
represents the stacked memory of a threat.
So these two virtual pages will be freed, already allocated by the operating system.
Right.
Only physical pages, which corresponds to the stack mummery are freed now since the virtual pages be
12 and 13 have been freed by the operating system.
Obviously, the physical pages to which the virtual page, number 12 and 13 mapped walls will also be
freed by the operating system.
So the frame number in which the physical piece, number 12 and 13 were loaded will also be freed.
And those frames of physical memory will be used to load physical pages that belongs to some other process
or threat.
Speech table is updated to Mark Bestival entries corresponding to virtual pages which are freed up so
as empty.
Right.
So you can see that this base table will be updated so that the entries corresponding to virtual page
number 12 and 13 will be marked as empty because these virtual pages are no more assigned to a process
to be used.
So this is how operating system clean up the virtual memory as well as update the page table of a process
when a thread terminates.